gh-96175: add missing self._localName assignment in `xml.dom.minidom.Attr` (#96176)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-08-22-13-54-20.gh-issue-96175.bH7zGU.rst

> Fix unused ``localName`` parameter in ``Attr`` minidom node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix unused ``localName`` parameter in the ``Attr`` class in :mod:`xml.dom.minidom`.
```
This will link to https://docs.python.org/3.10/library/xml.dom.minidom.html. (We don't seem to have docs for the `Attr` class specifically, or I'd have suggested ```:class:`xml.dom.minidom.Attr` ```.)
